hello it's Ruby and that was blue brief
there is my half decapitated breakfast
it's so delicious I basically just made
some normal porridge sweetened almond
milk banana cinnamon and then they added
some flax seeds and coconut pecans and
then my absolute favorite frozen
blueberries as well as a spoonful of
peanut butter this is such a filling
breakfast so delicious and then I've
also got avocados green tea here from
health and healthier I'm going to see my
friend hopefully this afternoon but
until that and there are quite a few
things I want to do I want to be
productive this morning I want to work
on playing any book that I'm writing no
just going through and planning chapters
I watched that for at least 30 minutes
because I was doing it every day and
then I got up habit of doing it and then
because I'm an editing error month there
again I'm at the Bacchus to-do list and
then I'm gonna do some editing
[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing an afternoon vlog not a full
day vlog because it's like five minutes
to two and I've just been working on
planning chapters of my book I'm just
doing like a chapter by chapter summary
so that I have got a very clear
storyline that I can stick to you to
make sure the character development is a
focus extract etc so I'm now up to
chapter 22 I believe and I've written
about the plans for maybe about 10 15
chapters today so I'm going to call it a
day for that but I've got a meeting for
a very exciting project this is to do
with the kindness journal and
promotional sheets for this it's just so
cool I actually can't believe that we're
doing this now it's been such a long
time in the making that I can't believe
it's actually coming into fruition so
going to have that meeting now should be
around half an hour to an hour and yes I
will check back with you after that
[Music]
so since I'm the first one to the cool
and they've got three minutes to spare
I'm just going to quickly check my taps
outs yes I'm pretty much obsessed with
this game at the moment I downloaded it
just for a video and now I'm as a data's
as I used to be
[Music]
now I'm gonna do some editing cuz I
haven't done editing for a while beauty
trust me they're not usually speaking
there they're not usually sleeping
they're usually barking so I'm just
going to go and get some quick exercise
I've already done a mini German walk out
today with things like press ups and
setups and things but I'm gonna do a
tiny bit more the kids I feel like doing
strength or strength based exercise as
opposed to trampy knee even though I
will go on the trampoline afterwards and
I'm going to listen to some music at the
same time okay so I've been really into
the lane mess-up soundtrack recently
just over the last couple of days so
[Music]
this is my favorite one
[Applause]
[Music]
you
so I just wanted to quickly go through
these and these are little display
wallets that I use to store all of my
pen pal letters and in last three years
I've got one more of these which is just
full entirely of letters from my friend
Ruby who you might remember this one is
half filled with ones from her and then
the other half is letters from other
kind of friends that I've made through
my youtube it's not one and this one is
for friends that I met in real life and
it's really ready for I do need a new
one a thing this one pretty pretty soon
because I've had this on for a couple of
years I love having it all in one place
keeps everything stored really really
neatly and I was also cutting my
birthday cards just under there but I've
actually got a box in the loft where I
keep all of my favorite birthday cards
back from when I was I think six I
started it so I keep all of my favorite
ones in there the ones that I don't want
to get rid of the ones with really nice
messages yeah so I just put these into
storage
[Music]